Oh, honey.
You are a real god in this dress.
Let your husband remember you.
Wow.
Wait a minute, there's someone here.
I went home at night.
Honey, I've got to do this.
Can you blend in with director Chen?
17 What's going on?
This is not an easy opportunity.
I saw Qin Xiao's face and felt nauseous.
How do I act?
You can reduce this set.
This time if I break it.
I can't forgive you.
I can't believe they broke a knife in the contract.
Excuse me.
This is my failure as a director.
Director Chen, don't say such words.
At first you didn't hate me being new.
I'm so grateful for letting me do the housework.
You want me to quit?
Give the woman to the two goblins.
No.
So what?
I don't believe I have a way.
As long as I'm here.
No one can take what belongs to you.